DOC-1986: Added TINY-9770 to the release notes. (#2740)
tinymce/tinymce-docs: modules/ROOT/pages/6.5-release-notes.adoc

The following premium plugin updates were released alongside {productname} 6.5.

=== Advanced Templates 1.2.0

The {productname} 6.5 release includes an accompanying release of the **Advanced Templates** premium plugin.

**Advanced Templates** 1.2.0 includes one fix:

=== The currently selected tree component template item would not stay highlighted after the Templates dialog redialing.
//#TINY-9770

> In previous versions of {productname} a selected tree component template item would lose its highlight when the Advanced Template dialog was reopened.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In previous versions of {productname} a selected tree component template item would lose its highlight when the Advanced Template dialog was rerendered.
```

Author: @vpyshnenko Applied @brian-forte copy edit changes to this.

This would occur when a user renamed a selected template item in the tree component. As a consequence, the user was unable to identify the currently selected item in the tree.

In {productname} 6.5, the problem was addressed by utilizing the `defaultSelectedId` configuration property from the new tree component API.

> As a result, the previewed template now accurately reflects the selection in the tree component.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As a result, the currently previewed template is now accurately highlighted in the tree component.
```

Author: @vpyshnenko Applied @brian-forte copy edit changes to this.

> === The currently selected tree component template item would not stay highlighted after the Templates dialog redialing.
> //#TINY-9770
> 
> In previous versions of {productname} a selected tree component template item would lose its highlight when the Advanced Template dialog was reopened.
> 
> This would occur when a user renamed a selected template item in the tree component. As a consequence, the user was unable to identify the currently selected item in the tree.
> 
> In {productname} 6.5, the problem was addressed by utilizing the `defaultSelectedId` configuration property from the new tree component API.
> 
> As a result, the previewed template now accurately reflects the selection in the tree component.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
=== A selected tree component template item did not stay highlighted when the Templates dialog re-rendered.
//#TINY-9770

In previous versions of {productname}, a selected tree component template item would lose its highlight when the Advanced Template dialog was re-rendered after the template list updated.

This occured when a user renamed a selected template item in the tree component. As a consequence, the user could not identify the currently selected item in the tree.

In {productname} 6.5, the problem was addressed by utilizing the new `defaultSelectedId` configuration property from the xref:dialog-components.adoc#tree[tree component] API.

As a result, the currently previewed template is now correctly highlighted in the tree component, as expected.

For information on the **Advanced Templates** plugin, see: xref:advanced-templates.adoc[Advanced Templates].
```
Copy-edits and some additions.
